=== Version 1.4.0 / 2013-11-05

* Step table rows are now modeled. Non-object table rows have been retained in
  order to remain backwards compatible.


=== Version 1.3.0 / 2013-10-02

* Elements now have a convenience method for accessing their ancestor elements.


=== Version 1.2.0 / 2013-09-01

* Bug fix: nil no longer shows up as a child element of a Feature if the Feature
  does not have a Background object.
* Elements now have access to their original parsed structure as returned by the
  gherkin gem.
* Tags are now modeled. Non-object tags are still the default in order to remain
  backwards compatible.


=== Version 1.1.1 / 2013-08-03

* Version bumped due to publishing wrong code for version 1.1.0.


=== Version 1.1.0 / 2013-08-01

* Outline example rows are now modeled.
* Some elements now keep track of which source code line number they started on.
* Step definition patterns that have been loaded in the World can now be cleared.


=== Version 1.0.0 / 2013-06-30

* Bug fix: Step definitions are now detected whether or not parenthesis are
  used in the declararion.
* Now using the gherkin gem to parse feature files. This should eliminate most
  parsing related bugs.
* Empty outline example blocks can no longer be handeled (since the gherkin gem
  can, likewise, not handle them).
* Source code snippets can now be analyzed (rather than needing an entire feature
  file to parse).
* Logging has been removed from the gem due to its significant negative impact
  on performance.
* Many class and method names have changed.
* Significant API overhaul, including several new classes for modeling.


=== Version 0.0.9 / 2013-02-25

* Bug fix: Fixed an un-anchored regular expression that was causing
  feature files to be parsed incorrectly.


=== Version 0.0.8 / 2013-02-24

* Bug fix: Replaced some destructive method calls with non-destructive
  equivalents.
* Bug fix: Fixed some parsing bugs based around whitespace.
* Subdirectories within a directory are now modeled.
* Directory collection added.


=== Version 0.0.7 / 2013-02-01

* Bug fix: Feature collection no longer returns nil values for feature files
  that do not contain features.
* Elements now know the element that contains them.
* Adjusted the default logging level so that logging does not occur by default.


=== Version 0.0.6 / 2013-01-07

* Improved support for example blocks in outlines.
* Modeling of empty feature files is now possible.
* Modeling of inherited tags has been added.


=== Version 0.0.5 / 2012-12-16

* Bug fix: a missing 'require' statement that was causing loading errors has
  been fixed.


=== Version 0.0.4 / 2012-12-13

* Removed an unintentional gem dependency.
* Improved 1.8.7 compatibility.


=== Version 0.0.3 / 2012-11-10

* 'But' has been added to the list of recognized step keywords (formerly Given,
  When,Then, And, and *).
* Bug fix: the number of test cases a feature is considered to contain now
  properly takes into account an outline's example rows.


=== Version 0.0.2 / 2012-11-01

* Bug fix: descriptions are no longer cut short due to the presence of keywords.


=== Version 0.0.1 / 2012-10-28

* Initial release
